Add information about GraphQL Fasly cache (#8567)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/graphql/caching.md

[Set up Fastly]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html) describes how to perform both of these tasks.

> By default, the Faslty module for Magento provides the follwing VCL configuration for GraphQL caching:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Fastly module for Magento provides the following VCL configuration for GraphQL caching:
```

```text
if (req.request == "GET" && req.url.path ~ "/graphql" && req.url.qs ~ "query=") {
....
```

> Fastly will only cache GET requests that contain a query parameter in the request url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fastly will only cache GET requests that contain a query parameter in the request URL.
```

### Example

```text
http://example.com/graphql?query={ products(filter: {sku: {eq: "Test"}}) { items { name } } }&variables={}
....
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> If you call GraphQL queries in the query body rather than the url (e.g. as --data-raw '{"query" .... }'), the request is not cached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you call GraphQL queries in the query body rather than the URL (for example, as `--data-raw '{"query" .... }'`), the request is not cached.
```
